README.md, before:

# Contacts Butler

![Contacts Butler Banner](/banner.png)

Do you have a bunch of contacts that are missing a lot of info such as names, emails, phone numbers, 
etc? Do you really know the contacts you saved? Did you save the same contact several times? Are 
your favorite contacts really deserving of being favorites? Do you  want to groom your contacts a 
bit, whenever you are bored, have free time, or just fed up with being disorganized? 

Well, then, you have come to the right place! This application provides you your own personalized 
butler that will help you groom your contacts =) 

## Free, open source software (FOSS)

This software is made by the community, for the community and everyone else <3

## Beginner-friendly contributions

We urge you, yes YOU, to contribute to this FOSS. Whether you are just in elementary, high school,
college, or a professional, you are welcome to contribute! The contribution philosophy is to keep
things as simple as possible while still using the latest and greatest tech such as those included
in [Jetpack](https://developer.android.com/jetpack).

This repository is split up to as many different modules as possible in order to;

- cater to the differing levels of experience in Android
- give contributors a sense of ownership and expertise
- modularize the app, which is in short a good practice

Let's have fun building this app and remember that the most important thing is to get a working, 
pleasant product.

For more guidelines on how to contribute, read the [CONTRIBUTING](/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Get it on the Google Play Store

TODO link to store listing when app has been released!

## License

    Copyright 2021 Contacts Butler Contributors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

## Support

This is an open-sourced app. Support will come from the community. Or, you can DIY by contributing =)

Commit message:

Added app module with app icon

README.md, after:

# Contacts Butler

![Contacts Butler Banner](/banner.png)

Do you have a bunch of contacts that are missing a lot of info such as names, emails, phone numbers, 
etc? Do you really know the contacts you saved? Did you save the same contact several times? Are 
your favorite contacts really deserving of being favorites? Do you  want to groom your contacts a 
bit, whenever you are bored, have free time, or just fed up with being disorganized? 

Well, then, you have come to the right place! This application provides you tons of butlers from 
the open source community that will help you groom your contacts using the power of LOVE <3

## Free, open source software (FOSS)

This software is made by the community, for the community and everyone else <3

## Beginner-friendly contributions

We urge you, yes YOU, to contribute to this FOSS. Whether you are just in elementary, high school,
college, a professional, or just curious about Android development, you are welcome to contribute! 

The contribution philosophy is to keep things as simple as possible while still using the latest 
and greatest tech such as those included in [Jetpack](https://developer.android.com/jetpack).

This repository is split up in to as many different modules as possible in order to;

- give contributors a sense of ownership and personalization of their own module
- cater to the differing levels of expertise in Android
- modularize the app, which is in short a good practice

Let's have fun building this app and remember that the most important thing is to get a working, 
pleasant FOSS product.

For more guidelines on how to contribute, read [CONTRIBUTING](/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Powered by the Android Contacts, Reborn Library

This app is powered by the [Android Contacts, Reborn library](https://github.com/vestrel00/contacts-android),
which made contacts management like a walk in the park =) 

![Contacts, Reborn Banner](/powered-by-banner.png)

## Get it on the Google Play Store

TODO link to store listing when app has been released!

## License

    Copyright 2021 Contacts Butler Contributors

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

## Support

This is an open-sourced app. Support will come from the community. Or, you can DIY by contributing =)
